fix(logging): keep log handlers of the root logger (#5248)
cocotb/cocotb: docs/source/newsfragments/5248.bugfix.rst

>  The :mod:`cocotb.logging` module will no longer discard added log handlers from the root logger.

Reviewer: I feel like this could be reworded to be a bit clearer.
```suggestion
 :func:`cocotb.logging.default_config` no longer overwrites root handlers, but configures formatting on whatever handlers are already registered.
```
